Readme updates (#17)
upbound/configuration-gitops-flux: README.md

# Flux Configuration

> This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed Flux instances allowing you to integrate GitOps practices into your workflow.

Reviewer: can we use here https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages instead of `v1.11`

> This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed Flux instances allowing you to integrate GitOps practices into your workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed Flux instances allowing you to integrate GitOps practices into your workflow.
```

## Overview

> The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/getting-started/introduction/) include:

Reviewer: https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/getting-started/introduction/
